Updated default and backup STT geometry for SAND added. (#34)
DUNE/dunendggd: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to a modified version of [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).
Geometry releases will be tagged as `Descriptive_tag_v_X.Y.Z`.

### Added

> - Updated STT geometry with Default and Backup options. Can be built as a standalone geometry. `build_hall.sh only_sand_def_stt` `build_hall.sh only_sand_bck_stt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added STT geometry with Complete and Initial options. Can be built as a standalone geometry: `build_hall.sh only_sand_def_stt` `build_hall.sh only_sand_initial_stt`. Not yet part of the default "production" detector hall.
```

Author: Updated the log file.

Author: Updated to the makefile method from the build_hall.sh method

and this project adheres to a modified version of [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).
Geometry releases will be tagged as `Descriptive_tag_v_X.Y.Z`.

### Added

> 

Reviewer: These two lines should not be added.

### Added

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Updated with standalone build of initial and complete STT configurations. `only_SAND_STT_Initial.gdml` `only_SAND_STT_Complete.gdml`

Reviewer: There is already an 'Added' subsection below. Please just add your line there.
